dar was no I swimming in the ocean
causing a commotion cuz they hello and
today I'm going to show you how to put a
custom map onto your minecraft server i
use bucket you can use the same thing
with a normal minecraft server but um
you're going to not need to go and find
a custom map for minecraft i'm using one
the current up-to-date is 1.1 right now
of this mediafire for the Forgotten cave
rawr i'll put the link in the
description if you want to play it but I
it's already downloaded I just yeah done
an other video and I failed on it so
you're going to need to i cost you maps
whatever but you should get one second
i'm going to open an actual file where
it downloaded and then downloads never
mind never put there but you should just
get a one folder named chip The
Forgotten cave by whatever and then read
me brother it should come with that you
I'm just gonna reinstall it whatever it
no I don't open to you okay i'm gonna
try again
look out it's got news
now yeah you should get this pain yeah
with the Forgotten cave by Connor read
me brother this is another way to it
it's telling you how to install but i am
going to shut down my chin current
server right now start task manager Rick
I used half manager Dan process really
quickly well whatever then I'm just
going to drag these three files out here
and then yeah um your need to drag this
The Forgotten see because that's all it
shows right now and Ted this one and
then it should be in your in delete the
walt world folder and put that in as a
world folder and then you're going to
click rename world and then when you
open this it should the level name right
there should be world well act and then
you want to start your minecraft server
however way you started just matin okay
and then you're going to need to go on
the server for one yes that logging site
you my name is Nolan I know one this is
really sad then yeah you're just going
to teleport anywhere in the map right
but i teleported like right above this
bone and when you spawn you usually have
to do to eat um t / kill kill yourself
however but and then you should spawn in
this like a little mossy cobblestone
area yeah i'll tell you the story info
kept with the rules and the intro I'm
going to yeah if you burn down this wall
back here then it's just going to lead
to another test yeah gold your points
but and thank you for watching my video
comment rate and subscribe and
we also have tutorials on nods and we
have how to yet know not how do we have
custom apps not downloaded right now
because we still never finished it but
see ya